pcicfg dump 01:00.0: no bytes read.

What this tool tried, and what it found:
  kldbgdrv.sys    Microsoft's Kernel Local Debugging Driver (the security-on path)
  debug boot      off, and cannot be turned on: Secure Boot policy protects it
  Secure Boot     on
  this process    not elevated
  kldbgdrv svc    installed
  device open     [WinError 2] The system cannot find the file specified.
  PawnIOLib.dll   loaded from C:\Program Files\PawnIO\PawnIOLib.dll, driver library version 2.0.0
  pawnio_open     failed, 0x80070005 (Access is denied)
  this process    not elevated (run the terminal as Administrator to change this)
  ECAM address    physical 0xC0100000 (from the ACPI MCFG table; reading it needs ring 0)
  Memory Integrity on (HVCI): a blocklisted driver will not load
  RwDrv.sys        on the active vulnerable-driver blocklist (RW-Everything)

Blocked by: kernel debugging is off and Secure Boot policy protects the BCD debug element, so `bcdedit /debug on` is refused outright; this path needs Secure Boot off, which is a bigger weakening than the ones this project refuses (see docs/security-on-path.md).

Why a driver at all: reading configuration space means either port I/O to CF8h/CFCh
(spec 7.2.1, 256 bytes per Function) or mapping the ECAM window in physical memory
(spec 7.2.2, the full 4096 bytes). Both are ring 0, so a driver has to do it. Microsoft's
own signed kldbgdrv.sys does it with Memory Integrity left on and the vulnerable-driver
blocklist enforced, which is the route this tool takes first and route 1 below; it needs
the machine booted with kernel debugging enabled. The third-party drivers that would
otherwise do it (RW-Everything's RwDrv.sys and its kin) are on that blocklist and are
refused while Memory Integrity is on; PawnIO loads but runs only modules its author
signed, none of which reads generic config space.

Ways to get the bytes, best first (verified against Microsoft's docs and
driver-blocklist, and against each tool's own source):

1. The security-on path this tool tries first: Microsoft's signed
   kldbgdrv.sys, which loads with Memory Integrity on and the vulnerable-driver
   blocklist enforced. It costs one boot-level change, `bcdedit /debug on`, and
   a reboot -- and it requires Secure Boot to be OFF, because Secure Boot policy
   protects that BCD element and refuses the change outright. On a Secure Boot
   machine this route is closed, and turning Secure Boot off is a bigger
   weakening than the ones this project refuses, so route 2 is the better
   answer there. docs/security-on-path.md has the measurement and the detail.

2. An Ubuntu live USB on the same machine. No install, no Windows changes, and
   it works whatever this machine's security settings are:
       sudo lspci -vvv -xxxx -s 01:00.0 > rtx3060ti_01-00.0.txt
       sudo cat /sys/bus/pci/devices/0000:01:00.0/config > 01-00.0.config
   The first is what the fixtures in this repo are; the second is the raw
   4096-byte ECAM frame. Copy either to Windows and `pcicfg decode <file>`.

3. RW-Everything (rweverything.com), only on a machine with Memory Integrity
   off. Its driver RwDrv.sys is on Microsoft's vulnerable-driver blocklist, so
   with Memory Integrity on it is refused at load and neither its GUI nor its
   command line reads a byte. Where it does load, save the device from its PCI
   view and `pcicfg decode <file>`; a PCIe device saves the full 4096 bytes.
   docs/security-off-path.md writes this route out in full, and says what it
   costs.

A driver you write yourself and get attestation-signed by Microsoft also loads
with Memory Integrity on, but signing needs a registered organization and an EV
certificate (money and weeks). Test signing and loading an unsigned, renamed or
blocklisted driver are off the table by design.

For link speed, width, payload sizes and the AER masks with no dump and no
driver at all, `pcicfg list` reads what Windows already knows (see
pcicfg/win/enum.py).
